Welcome back.
So I'm here with a quick video just going over a commonly asked question which is what about browser
prefixes or vendor prefixes and the code that I've been writing things like this line right here.
You may or may not know depending on your own experience that there are vendor prefixes that we need
to add in order to make sure that this is working across as many browsers as possible.
So if you're not sure what vendor prefixes are MDA and has a pretty good article on it.
Zoom in a bit.
The main idea is that there's all these different browsers.
There's chrome Safari Opera Internet Explorer edge all these Firefox and a whole bunch of other ones
that are much smaller.
And as these new experimental or nonstandard properties and CSSA are created not all browsers implement
them at the exact same time or in the exact same way.
So the workaround is that there are specific browser prefixes you put in front of a property so things
like Dasch Web Kit dash and you would put that in front of a property like transition.
Now the reason that I'm not including them here and I'm not typing them myself in this section is that
they kind of clutter things up.
Here's an example.
Here's three she says properties that we've we've already seen.
We're applying them basically rotating something and changing the transform origin.
Well if we use the proper C Ss prefixes or vendor prefixes it looks like this.
Which is a lot longer.
Not only is it longer it's a huge pain to type in and typing them from scratch or by hand and pretty
much always get it wrong and not to mention the fact they change so certain things that require a vendor
prefix to work in a browser.
Today in a couple of weeks months years probably will not.
So there's no reason to type them yourself.
And certainly for me there's no reason to commit them to video because they do change.
And it's it's probably the biggest pain point of these video courses is updating things as they change.
So rather than doing that use a prefix or so there are a couple of different ways of doing this.
There are browser based prefigures which I'm going to show you now.
And there's also command line tools or text editor tools in Adam or subline text or whatever editor
that you prefer.
But I'm going to show these browser tools.
So here's an example.
This one is auto prefix or does it have that IO it's auto prefix or C S.
I mean if you just Google CSSA prefix or there's a bunch that pop up.
So in the left you just paste your C S S code and then on the right it will do two things.
It will add any necessary browser prefixes but it will also remove any unnecessary once things that
P.B. were previously necessary.
So if we take this single little line here when we hover over a paragraph translate it 20 pixels and
20 by 20 which is what's happening here at.
So if we copy that go to our auto prefix or paste this in you can see that it now gives us three different
lines that accomplish the same thing.
But one is with the Web Kit vendor prefix and another is with M-S and you get if you want to learn more
about those men and as they change come and go you can learn a lot more about them if you're not familiar
with them.
But my preferred approach is just to use an auto pretty fixer.
And I have another one up called use with three E's if you want to try it out.
This is actually also if you click on it it's a node based tool you can use the command line if you
prefer that.
All right.
So that wraps up the quick video on vendor prefixes.
I just wanted to make it clear that yes they are things still you should be aware of them even though
I'm not going through and writing them for every line of code because I don't want to bore you.
Takes a long time.
I don't want to clutter the demo code I want to keep it simple and focused on the things that matter
and also things change.
And I don't want this to go out of date as quickly as the vendor prefixes do.
So hopefully that's a quick explanation if you want more information again read some of the included
resources.
All right.
Moving on to more fun things.